#US G2001 - As Warehouse Employee, I want to set up the warehouse plant by uploading a JSON file.
###### **All made by 1201427.**



## Requirements

>####US definition on backlog:
> 
>As Warehouse Employee, I want to set up the warehouse plant by uploading a JSON file.
> 
>- Acceptance Criteria / Comments
>  - Remark: a pre-defined JSON file can be automatically upload (e.g. at application start-up) to get a default warehouse plant and avoiding the employee to execute this action.


>####Customer Specifications and Clarifications
> 
> **Q:** Regarding the shelves in each rowLine that are part of an aisle, is there a need to differentiate them? If not, how will the AGV know on which shelf to look for a product? Because, as we understood, different products can be placed on a different shelf of the same rowLine, and according to the JSON file provided, each rowLine only states how many shelves it has.
> 
> **A:** Yes! You need to differentiate the shelves in each rowLine of an aisle.
>- Recall that "The products’ location in the warehouse, which corresponds to a storage area i.e., the aisle identifier, the rowLine identifier, and the shelf identifier. All these identifiers are numeric."
>
>- As you have noticed, each rowLine states how many shelves it has. As so, if a rowLine states it has 4 shelves, it means that the rowLine shelves are identified as shelf 1, 2, 3 and 4 from the bottom to the top.
>
>- If another rowLine stated it has 3 shelves, it means that such rowLine shelves are identified as shelf 1, 2 and 3 again from the bottom to the top.
>-----
> **Q:** Regarding the upload of a JSON file, is that file supposed to be stored with the rest of the application and be uploaded every time the application runs or should the upload be done only once where the information would all be uploaded to the application database and the JSON file discarded/not stored?
> 
> **A:** The purpose of uploading a JSON file (US2001) is to set up the warehouse plant information required to the system work properly.
>
>- Once that information is set up, there is no need to repeat the set up process. As so, if a JSON file is found the user might be prompt if (s)he wants to update the information about the warehouse plant. The user might also update the information by re-executing the US2001.
>
>- Yet, it is worth noticing that the JSON file might not be available on all workstations used by warehouse employees.
>
>- As so, persisting warehouse plant data on the database seems to be a good option.



>####US dependencies:
>
>- none


## Design




###1 SD 

