# US3000

### Tiago Freitas 1200628

# 1. Requisitos

_____
**US3000** As Project Manager, I want the team to specify a grammar allowing to express several kinds of questionnaires.
+ Acceptance criteria:
  + The grammar should be conceived having in mind its reusability/applicability on other application domains than the one of this project (e.g., pedagogical questionnaires).

### 1.1 Especificações e esclarecimentos do cliente

> Q1: In the requested grammar, is it needed to distinguish the different types of questions? For example, if the user says a certain question is multiple choice, shall we make the user input the possible options specifically or do we let the user write the content of the question as he prefers?
>
> A1: Well, the question type is need and useful for some reason. 
> The way you/your team take (technical) advantage of it is up to you. 
> I really advice you to debate this issue with technical advisers (i.e. lab classes teachers).


> Q2: We have read the specifications about the questionnaire structure provided in the System Specification document, however could you provide a template of a questionnaire, in order to better facilitate the implementation of the grammar from US3000?
> 
> A2: No template will be provided. 
> Teams are free to adopt the format foreseen as best suitable for the project purposes. 
> Section 5.1.3 of the specifications' document provides a complete example of a questionnaire that all teams' solutions must support. 
> Advice: check if any course unit has any evaluation criteria regarding the format.

> Q3: As I understand, the questionnaire will have to be created through the command-line interface of our application and then exported in order for it's grammar to be validated. 
> Is my interpretation correct? 
> Can we export it to XML, for example, and validate it's grammar afterwards?
> 
> A3: There is no need to import/export data. 
> Both components should be integrated. 
> I advice you to talk with technical experts (faculty of Lab classes of course units).

> Advice: Se olharem para os casos de uso dos sprints seguintes verão que os inquéritos e o tratamento das suas respostas serão especificadas numa gramática (US 3000). Dessa forma, o modelo de dominio para um inquérito não contempla conceitos como Secção, Pergunta e afins. Esses conceitos existirão na gramática apenas. Do ponto de vista de modelo de dominio o Inquérito é um texto, um "programa" escrito nessa gramática. No sistema a desenvolver existirá um submódulo que interpreta esse programa para recolher as respostas e posterior tratamento estatistico.

# 2. Análise

_____

### 2.1 Excerto do Modelo de Domínio

[comment]: <> (![DM_AGV.svg]&#40;DM_AGV.svg&#41;)

# 3. Design

[comment]: <> (![SD_ConfigureAGV.svg]&#40;SD_ConfigureAGV.svg&#41;)

### 3.1. Realização da Funcionalidade

### 3.3. Padrões Aplicados

*Nesta secção deve apresentar e explicar quais e como foram os padrões de design aplicados e as melhores práticas.*

### 3.4. Testes



# 4. Implementação

   

# 5. Integração/Demonstração

_____

# 6. Observações

_____



