# US5100
### Sérgio Lopes 1200625 & Vasco Azevedo 12002016 & Nuno Alves 1201427 & Tiago Freitas 1200628 

# 1. Requisitos
_____
**US5100**: As Project Manager, I want that the team to develop and integrate the others components/parts of the AGV 
digital twin (e.g.: movement, obstacle sensors, control unit).

### 1.1 Especificações e esclarecimentos do cliente

> Q1:  If two AGVs are 1 square close to each other, they must stop, but what needs to be done next? Create a new route to take the assigned task? And if an AGV passes one block away from another and never collides, should we ignore the "AGV must stop" sentence, or should he stop the AGV and move the AGV again?
> 
> A1:
The overall idea is to avoid collision between AGVs. As so, the "must stop" aims to avoid an imminent collision. In such case, new routes should be computed in order to complete the task that in  each AGV has in hands. The strategy for that it is up to each team to decide.

> Q2: the statement says that an AGV has a total of 8 sensors, 2 in each corner of the AGV. Therefore, some doubts have arisen, such as:
>What is the difference between having one or two sensors, in each corner? How do we differentiate between them? Are they in the same position?
> 
> A2: Each sensor is a source of information to signal (or not) the presence of an obstacle (e.g.: another AGV, an aisle, etc.).
>In each corner there is a sensor to evaluate obstacles in the front and another sensor  to evaluate obstacles on the side.

> [Question:](https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=17033#p21839) In previous posts, you mentioned the following:
"The AGV Manager is both: server and client. As a server, it receives requests from the "BackOffice App" and from the "Digital Twin" and, as a client, it sends requests to the "Digital Twin"."
And in the specification document, it is stated that:
"It is foreseen that multiple instances of the "AGV Digital Twin" are running simultaneously (but with distinct configurations) to simulate the existence of several AGVs on the warehouse."
In other words, knowing that, it would work like this:
> 
> Q1: Would all these AGV Digital Twin instances share information about the different modules, to be aware of the presence of other moving agvs?
Q2: At the level of representing the movement of agvs on the dashboard, developed in Sprint 3, how would the information about the movement of an agv be sent to the dashboard, for the dashboard to be able to demonstrate?
>
> 
> Answer:
> 
>Q1: It is NOT foreseen that AGVs communicate between them. However, each AGV can by its own initiative communicate with the AGV Manager. Notice that in your picture this possibility is not depicted. However, this possibility is depicted on Figure 2 of the specifications' document.
>
>Q2: Your question is related to data/information flow. Such flow must be in accordance with Figure 2 of the specifications' document. Notice that, the dashboard shows the current position of each AGV. If the AGVs position is changing then by refreshing the dashboard is enough to show AGV movement.

> Q4: Referring to the documentation, it is mentioned that the Route Planner module of the AGV Digital twin is responsible for "... (re)computing routes based on a source and target location on thewarehouse considering the warehouse plant only. It is worth notifying that AGV can only movehorizontally or vertically".
>
>What do you mean by source and target location of agv ? We can set agvdock as a starting point but what would be the end point?
>
> 
> A4: When assigning a task to an AGV, the AGV knows which products to collect, right?
So, the source location (starting point) is the position where the AGV is at that moment (as you said, it might be the AGV dock)
The target location (end point) might be the location of a product.
However,  there are other possibilities.
For instance, consider the scenario where the AGV has to collect 2 products (say A and B).
At least three routes have to be computed:
>1. From AGV Dock location to the location of product A.
>2. From location of product A to the location of product B.
>3. From location of product B to the AGV dock location.
> 

> Question 1:Could you specify how the speed of an AGV is determined, seeing that we do not know the maximum speed of the AGV?
>
>Question 2:At what charge do you suppose the AGV should move to the AGV docker to charge?
>
>Question 3:How should we measure the charging of an AGV should it have a certain percentage per minute or per hour?
>
>Question 4:Could you specify at what percentage the discharging of the AGV happens and if it is affected by other factors other than being turned on?
>
>Question 5:It is mentioned that when the AGV detects an obstacle 2 squares away it should reduce its velocity, could you please quantify the reduction.
>
> 
> (Answers): 
> You have to notice that the overall idea is to simulate a real AGV. As so, you might start by applying basic algorithms for every AGV functions (e.g.: moving, charging/discharging battery). Probably, you might need some input information to apply such algorithms (e.g.: min, max and average speed). Such information might vary from one AGV to another, for instance, based on the AGV model.
>
>Q1: If you need such information, you should collect such information previously (e.g.: US 2002).
>
>Q2: Again, such value might be configurable by AGV (model).
>
>Q3: You should adopt "seconds" as time unit.
>
>Q4: As stated on the specifications' document: "when the AGV is moving battery consumption might be computed based on the travelled distance, but when the AGV is waiting/stopped on its dock battery consumption might be computed based on time.". Other factors might be considered, but at this stage, I recommend you to not apply a complex algorithm.
>
>Q5: It is up to you decide that. However, notice that the idea is to avoid collision.
>
>
>Yet, about this subject here are some additional hints:
>- Choose a speed that allows to see the movement of the AGV on the screen;
>- You should define your charging and discharging model. A simplified linear model is perfectly adequate for the problem.
>- Define your charging and discharging parameters according to your model.
> 



# 2. Análise
_____

### 2.1 Ator

* System

### 2.2 Acceptance Criteria
* Em conformidade com as guidelines de SCOMP

### 2.3 Funcionalidade
* Criar vários módulos para o "AGV TWIN"
* Módulo de comunicação
* Módulo de unidade de controle
* Módulo de sensor
* Módulo de posicionamento
* Módulo de planeamento da rota
* Módulo de gestão de bateria
* Motor de simulação
