#US 2005 - As Warehouse Employee, I want to open a web dashboard
###### **All made by 1201427.**

------

## Requirements

>###US definition on backlog:
>
> As Warehouse Employee, I want to open a web dashboard presenting the current status of the AGVs as well as their position in the warehouse layout and keeps updated automatically (e.g.: at each minute).
>
>- Acceptance Criteria / Comments
   >  - It must be used the provided application protocol (SPOMS2022).The 
>dashboard is intended to be displayed on a web page provided by an existing HTTP server 
>in the "BackOfficeApp" application and only available to localhost. The dashboard web page is kept updated without reloading.



>###Customer Specifications and Clarifications:
>
> **Q:** Regarding this US it is said that "It must be used the provided application protocol (SPOMS2022). The dashboard is intended to be displayed on a web page provided by an existing HTTP server in the ""BackOfficeApp"" application (...)".
>Our question is, between what applications should the SPOMS protocol be implemented? Should the HTTP server be part of the "BackOfficeApp" and communicate with the AGV Manager using the REQUESTS_API? Or should the HTTP server be its own application and communicate only with the "BackOfficeApp", which on the other hand communicates directly with the database?
>
> **A:** As it is being said the "HTTP Server" is part of the "Backoffice Application" in order to provide a local web page only. As so, the "HTTP Server" is a component of the "Backoffice Application".
>
>However, a question stands out: where the data to be presented by the "HTTP server" comes from?
>
>The "backoffice Application" (or one of its components) must, somehow, get the data from the "AGV Manager" (and/or the system database).
>
>In addition, you should notice that the SPOMS2002 protocol relies on the TCP and not on HTTP.
>
>There is nothing wrong here.
>
>If you still having doubts, I advice you to talk with technical support (in this case, preferably RCOMP lab teachers).
>
>-----
> **Q:** Despite in the provided sprint user stories asking for the digital twin in a web dashboard along with its status and position, in user stories of the next sprint it is said that the development of the movement of the AGV is needed which causes a minor confusion. My question is in this sprint is it required to create the movement of the AGV?
>
> **A:** **On Sprint C, the web dashboard needs to be thought and ready to show the current AGVs position, which is read from some where. Further, on sprint D, when simulating the AGV movement the AGV position will change and, therefore, we will be able to see the AGVs position changing accordingly on the web dashboard.**
>
> **Notice that, this is an integrative project developed following an iterative and incremental process. So, at the end, the pieces need to fit well together.**
>
>-----
> **Q:** How would you like the dashboard to look? A simple list of the AGVS along with its position and status?
>
> **A:** **No! Preferably, the dashboard should be an approximation to what is depicted on Figure 8 of the specifications document.**
>







>###US Dependencies:
>
>- 2001 2002

------
# Analysis



###US 2005 SSD:
none



------
# Design

### Sequence Diagram:
none


------
#Tests
none

------
# Implementation
made with DEMO HTTP 


------
# Observations

>none so far 28/05/2022


